A personal accident policy is as important as it is often
overlooked. A
personal accident policy is a fixed
benefit policy that provides a lump sum benefit in
case of accidental death or accidental disability.
Accidents have become common these days, and it's
not necessary that an accident occurs solely due to our fault. Whether we're walking
or driving carefully, a
drunk
person comes up behind us and hits us, what can we do in such a situation?
Getting electrocuted,
falling from a CDO, falling in the bathroom, all these
events are
covered under our personal accident policy.
Accidental death or disability is
payout.
In such cases, we receive a weekly benefit,
which depends on our annual income.
We receive weekly payouts based on the income documents we submit.
Every insurance company generally provides insurance coverage.  Then
Healthy Channel Company has its own personal
accident policy. Similarly,
ICICI Lombard's personal accident
policy is called Personal Protect. Today we will talk
about all its benefits and features. The
minimum entry age for this plan is
18 years and the maximum age is 80 years.
This plan is very helpful for people
because most plans do
not provide personal accident cover after 65.
In this policy, we get six options for time.
Option 13: Option 2 (5 lakhs), Option
4 (15 lakhs), and Option 5 (20 lakhs). In case of death due to ₹25 lakh, the
sum assured is paid out
to the nominee. The next benefit is permanent
total disability. If
any permanent disability occurs due to an accident, then it is paid out.
Permanent disability means
permanent loss of lips, like physical
separation of hands and both. If the patient suffers from it, then
hospitalization-related
medical expenses will be covered
within 7 days of the accident. Daily cash
benefits  You can become a policy holder. This
plan has a unique feature. While all
personal accident plans
exclude claims related to terrorism and acts of terrorism, this plan covers
terrorism and
related accidents.
Let's see what is
not covered in this plan or what are the exclusions.
Optional hospitalization
treatment, eye treatment, and
plastic surgery will be covered. There will be no advice. The
company will not penalize any claim due to intentional self-injury or a suicidal attempt.
If an accident occurs due to alcohol or drug abuse, that
claim will also not be tabled.
If an accident occurs due to
criminal intent, then that is also an exception. If you have any doubts about this plan, regarding all the features of the ICICI Lombard Personal Protect Personal Accident Plan,
you can ask by commenting below or by messaging me on my WhatsApp number.
Friends, please like.
Subscribe to the channel, see you in the next video,
thanks.